Chicken Satay - Four grilled and marinated chicken strips served with toast, tasty peanut sauce, and tangy cucumber sauce.
Tofu Satay - Deep fried tofu served with tasty peanut sauce and tangy cucumber salad.
Thai Spring Roll (Fried) Pork or Veg - Two rolls of crispy fried rice pancakes stuffed with veg or pork and bean thread noodles served with sweet and sour sauce.
Fried Tofu - Deep fried tofu served with sweet and sour sauce.
Fresh Spring Roll (2) - Fresh spring roll skin filled with eggs, cucumber, bean sprouts, and tofu topped with sweet and sour sauce.
Peanut Sauce Spring Roll (2) - Fresh spring roll skin filled with eggs, cucumber, bean sprouts, and tofu topped with peanut sauce.
Crab Rangoon (6) - A mixture of crab meat, cream cheese, celery wrapped in thin crepes and deep fried until crispy. Served with homemade sweet and sour sauce.
Tom Yum - Spicy and sour lemongrass soup with tomato, and green onion. Choice of chicken or mixed vegetables and tofu.
Tom Kha - Spicy and sour lemongrass soup with coconut milk, tomato, and green onions.
Basil Chicken or Tofu and Veg - Stir-fried ground chicken or tofu and vegetables with bell pepper, onion, carrot, and basil leaves. (Shrimp $9.95)
Garlic Chicken or Pork or Tofu and Veg - Sauteed chicken or pork or mixed vegetables and tofu with fresh garlic, onion, carrot, and bell pepper. (Shrimp $9.95)
Ginger Chicken or Pork or Tofu and Veg - Sauteed chicken or pork or mixed vegetables and tofu with fresh ginger, onion, carrot, and bell pepper. (Shrimp $9.95)
Thai BBQ Chicken - Grilled chicken marinated with special blend of Thai herbs served with lettuce and sweet and sour sauce. Choice of rice or noodle.
Chicken or Tofu with Mixed Vegetable - Sauteed chicken or tofu with mixed vegetables in home-made sauce. (Shrimp $9.95)
Praram Chicken or Tofu and Veg - Chicken with broccoli and carrots or tofu and mixed vegetables topped with a tangy peanut sauce. (Shrimp $9.95)
Chicken or Beef or Tofu Broccoli - Sauteed chicken, beef, or tofu with broccoli and carrots in gravy sauce. (Shrimp $9.95)
Peanut Sauce Lover - Stir-fried cashew, onion, chilli, bell pepper, and carrot with peanut sauce. Pick chicken, beef, pork, or tofu and mixed vegetables. (Shrimp $10.45)
Cashew Chicken or Tofu and Veg - Stir-fried chicken or tofu and mixed vegetables, cashew, onion, bell pepper, dried chilli and pineapple with Thai chilli paste. (Shrimp $10.45)
Pad Preow Wan - Stir-fried onions, tomato, bell pepper, pineapple in Thai sauce. Choice of chicken, beef, pork or tofu and mixed vegetables. (Shrimp $10.45)
Pad Woon Sen - Stir-fried noodles with egg, onions, and tomatoes in tomato sauce. Choice of chicken, beef, pork, or tofu and mixed vegetables. (Shrimp $10.45)
Chicken or Tofu and Mixed Veg - Stir-fried deep-fried chicken with green pepper, onion, pineapples, and carrots in Thai sweet and sour sauce.
Pad Ped Pla Duk - Fried catfish nuggets, sauteed with spicy curry paste, bamboo shoots, hot pepper, and basil leaves, served over rice.
Beef Noodle Soup - Stewed or sliced beef, bean sprouts, green onions, served over rice noodles in seasoned broth.
Chicken Noodle Soup - Chicken with bean sprouts, green onions, served over rice noodles in a seasoned broth.
Shrimp Noodle Soup - Shrimp with bean sprouts, green onions, served over rice noodle in a seasoned broth.
Vegetable Noodle Soup - Mixed vegetables served with rice noodles in vegetable broth.
Tom Yum Noodle Soup - Rice noodles with bean sprouts, green onions, in hot and sour soup with peanut. Choice of chicken, beef, pork, or tofu and vegetables. (Shrimp $9.95)
Egg Noodles with BBQ Pork - Egg noodles with sliced BBQ pork, bean sprouts, and green onion.
Pad Thai - Stir-fried rice noodles with tofu, egg, cabbages, and green onions in pad thai sauce served with crushed peanuts.
Pad See Ewe - Stir-fried thick rice noodles with broccoli, carrots, and egg in pad see ewe sauce.
Pad Kee Mao - Stir-fried thick rice noodles with onions, carrots, basil leaves, and bell peppers.
Lad Nar - Stir-fried rice noodles with broccoli and carrots in tasty brown gravy.
Red Curry - Red chilli paste with bamboo shoots, zucchini, carrots, broccoli, bell peppers, and basil leaves sauteed in coconut milk.
Green Curry - Green chilli paste with bamboo shoots, zucchini, carrots, broccoli, bell peppers, and basil leaves, sauteed in coconut milk.
Mussamun Curry - Mussamun curry paste with peanuts and potatoes sauteed in coconut milk.
Yellow Curry - Yellow curry paste with potato sauteed in coconut milk.
Gang Pa - Thai country style curry (no coconut milk) with bamboo shoots, broccoli, carrot, bell peppers, zucchini, and basil leaves.
Panang Curry - Panang curry sauteed in coconut milk with bell peppers.
Basil Fried Rice - Stir-fried rice with onions, bell peppers, carrots, and basil leaves.
Sunrise Fried Rice - Stir-fried rice with egg, onions, and tomatoes.
Tropical Fried Rice - Stir-fried rice with pineapple, onions, carrots, green peas, and egg.
Special Combo Fried Rice - Stir-fried rice with combinations of beef, pork, and chicken with egg, onion, and tomatoes.
Sea Food Fried Rice - Stir-fried rice with combinations of shrimps, squid, and crab stick with egg, onions, and tomatoes.
Crazy Fried Rice - Stir-fried rice with shrimps, squids, crab stick, onions, fresh chilli, lemon grass, lime leaves, and basil leaves.
Pad Kra Praow - Sauteed basil, hot peppers, and garlic served over jasmine rice.
Pad Prik - Sauteed white and green onions, hot peppers, chopped garlic served over jasmine rice.
Pad Ped Noh Mai - Sauteed bamboo shoots, basil leaves, and Thai chilli served over jasmine rice.
Kratiam Prik Thai (Deep Fried) - Deep fried meat mixed with fried garlic, black pepper, and green onions served over rice. Cannot be made with veg, shrimp, or squid.
Thai Omelet - A traditional home style favorite. A tasty fluffy omelet with ground chicken and green onions served over jasmine rice. Hot jalapeno peppers optional.
Thai Veggie Omelet - A tasty fluffy omelet with mushrooms, broccoli, carrots, and green onions served over rice. Hot jalapeno peppers optional.
BBQ Pork with Rice - Sliced BBQ pork served with rice topped with sweet homemade gravy sauce and sliced cucumber.
Beef Num Tok Salad - Tender slices of grilled, marinated beef and veg tossed with rice powder and a light and spicy lime dressing served with lettuce.
Pork Num Tok Salad - Sliced, charbroiled, tender pork mixed with rice powder and a light and spicy lime dressing served with lettuce.
Bean Threads Noodle Salad (Yum Woon Sen) - Boiled bean thread noodles with ground chicken and peanuts mixed with Thai hot and sour dressing served with lettuce.
Larb Gai Salad - Minced ground chicken and veg tossed with lime and chilli sauce served with lettuce.
Yum Neua - Slice of grilled beef mixed with spicy lime sauce with red onion and green onion served with lettuce.
Yum Moo - Slice of grilled pork mixed with spicy lime sauce with red onion and green onion served with lettuce.
Cucumber Salad - Cucumber and red onion with home-made dressing.
Green Salad - Lettuce, tomato, red onion, and cucumber with home-made dressing.
Mixed Vegetable Salad - Steamed mixed vegetables tossed with lime and chilli dressing.
Steamed Jasmine Rice - 
Steamed Noodle - 
Peanut Sauce - 
Sweet and Sour Sauce - 
Thai Custard - Baked taro cake with coconut milk and palm sugar.
Thai Banana Cake - Bananas and black beans in steamed sweet sticky rice.
Thai Custard with Sticky Rice - Steamed custard served with sweet sticky rice.
Sweet Stick Rice with Mango (seasonal) - Fresh sliced mango served with sweet sticky rice.
Soda - 
Sobe - 
Thai Iced Milk Tea - Sweet Thai iced tea mixed with milk 
Thai Iced Coffee with Milk - 
Milk Green Tea - Sweet green tea mixed with milk 
Bangkok Milk Tea - 
Hot Jasmine Tea - 
Hot Green Tea - 
