Blackdog Cornbread - Cornbread baked with green chiles, pit beans, cheese and pulled pork
Texas Caviar - Blackeyed pea and hominy dip served with fresh fried chips
Smoked Almonds - Dry rubbed and smoked in our wood fired pit.
Chips and Salsa - Our chips are fried to order and the house made salsa is spicy
Smoked Chicken Wings 6pcs - Served with celery and smoked Bleu Cheese dressing
Burnt Ends - We smoke the whole brisket in our wood fire pit for 12 hours, then put dry rub on it and again and smoke it for another 12 hours
1/3 Slab Ribs - We lightly coat ribs with our dry rub and smoke them in our wood fired pit for 4 1/2 hours
 - 
Dinner Salad - Choice of pulled pork or smoked catfish with tomato and red onion on locally grown organic mixed greens
Free Range Chicken Dinner Salad - 
Side Salad - Mixed greens with tomato and red onion
Housemade Dressings - Creole vinaigrette, ranch, russian or smoked blue cheese
Smoked Trout Dinner Salad - Smoked trout served cold on Blue Moon Farms mixed greens. Choice of 1 or 2 fillets.
Pulled Pork Sandwich - Smoked low and slow in our wood fired pit for 12 hours & pulled to order
Beef Brisket Sandwich - Smoked low and slow in our wood fired pit for 12 hours, we slice the lean part to order
Smoked Hot Polish Sandwich - Have it grilled or be decadent and have it deep fried.
Smoked Catfish Sandwich - We put some dry rub on the catfish and smoke it in our wood fired pit for 1 1/2 hours.
Burnt Ends Sandwich - We smoke the whole brisket in our wood fire pit for 12 hours, then put dry rub on it and again and smoke it for another 12 hours
Pulled Rib Sandwich - Topped with shades' pickles & red onion & choice of one side
Pulled Chicken Sandwich - We lightly coat the chicken with dry rub and smoke them low and slow in our wood fired pit for 4 1/2 hours
Blackdog Burger - 1/3 pound patty, pepperjack cheese, grilled onions & Georgia Peach BBQ sauce
Bleu Burger - 1/3 pound patty, smoked bleu cheese, grilled onions, applewood smoked bacon, & Georgia Peach BBQ sauce
Carolina Burger - 1/3 pound patty, choice of cheese, pulled pork, slaw & Carolina Red BBQ sauce
Texas Burger - 1/3 pound patty, Pepperjack cheese, Beef Brisket, grilled onions, & Texas BBQ sauce
Cheeseburger - Choice of Cheddar, Swiss, Smoked Bleu, Pepperjack or Provolone
Combo Platter - Choose two or three:  Beef Brisket, Burnt Ends, Pulled Pork, 1/4 slab ribs, catfish fillet, hot polish, or free range chicken
Pork Spareribs - 1/2 slab or full slab
Pulled Pork - Smoked low and slow in our wood fired pit for 12 hours & pulled to order
Beef Brisket - Smoked low and slow in our wood fired pit for 12 hours, we slice the lean part to order
Smoked Catfish - We put some dry rub on the catfish and smoke it in our wood fired pit for 1 1/2 hours
Rib Tips - We lightly coat the rib tips with dry rub and smoke them low & slow in our wood fired pit for 4 1/2 hours
Smoked Chicken - We lightly coat the chicken with dry rub and smoke them low and slow in our wood fired pit for 4 1/2 hours
Portabella Mushroom Sandwich (Vegetarian) - Marinated and smoked portabella mushroom with our smoked almond basil pesto, fresh chevre and smoked red peppers
Grilled Cheese (Vegetarian) - Choice of cheddar, swiss, pepperjack or provolone on Mirabelle's White, Wheat or New York Rye
Smoked Chickpea Falafel (Vegetarian) - Kyle's smoked herb falafel served with Israeli salad, jalapeno salsa, and housemade tzatziki in a pita.
Applesauce - 
Pit Beans - 
Slaw - 
Spicy Southwestern Potato Salad - 
Twice Baked Potato Casserole - 
French Fries - 
Sweet Potato Fries - 
Smoked Sweet Potato - only after 5PM
Georgia Peach - Sweet & mild.  Goes well with chicken, pork, or everything else.  Spicyness:  Mild
Texas Sauce - Ancho peppers are the base for the sauce, and the secret ingredient is brisket drippings.  Spicyness:  Mild
Carolina Red - Our house sauce, vinegar & tomato based with a little kick.  Spicyness:  Medium
Carolina Vinegar - Vinegar, peppers, salt and a little sugar.  Spicyness:  Medium
Milo's Mustard Sauce - A classic mustard sauce with a secret ingredient.  Spicyness:  Medium
Hot Georgia Peach - Hot and Sweet.  Spicyness:  Hot
Chipotle - Hot and smoky.  Spicyness:  Hot
Extra Sauce - 
Flight of Sauces - 
Prichard's Sweet Lucy Julep - Benjamin Prichard's Sweet Lucy & Fresh Mint
Prichard's Kelso Kosmo - Prichard's Cranberry Rum, Prichard's Sweet Lucy & fresh lime
Prichard's Crystal Rum - served over the rocks
Prichard's Crystal Rum Daiquiri - Prichard's Crystal Rum, Fresh Lime Juice, Simple syrup
Georgia Sweet Tea - Sweet Georgia Belle Peach Mango Rum & our fresh brewed Iced Tea
Prichard's Double Barrel Bourbon - 
Prichard's Rye Whiskey - 
American Whiskey - 40+ selections to choose from
Scotch Whiskey - 8+ selections to choose from
Red Beans & Rice w/smoked Andouille - 
Smoked Turkey Club - Smoked free range Amish Turkey served on sourdough from Pekara Bakery
Tacos - Lunch only. 3 tacos with your choice of beef brisket, pulled pork or pulled chicken served on corn tortillas with cilantro, onion, and our smoked salsa.
Smoked Turkey Club - Smoked Amish free range turkey club served on sourdough from Pekara Bakery.
Smoked Artichoke Dip w/Chips - Available 5pm.
Philly Cheese Brisket Sandwich - A new Tuesday special!
Cuban Sandwich - Pulled Pork, smoked ham, grilled onions, chipotle mayo & swiss cheese on a french roll
Beef Ribs - Available 5pm.
Cuban Black Beans & Rice - Vegetarian, but you could ask for a pile of smoked meat on top (extra charge). 
Smoked Turkey Club - Smoked free range Amish Turkey served on sourdough from Pekara Bakery
Burritos - Lunch only. Your choice of pulled pork, beef brisket, pulled chicken or shrimp.
Smoked Duck! Platter - Available 5pm.
Smoked Beef Ribs - Beef ribs so big we call 'em "Flints", as in Flintstones! Available 5pm.
Smoked Turkey Club - Smoked free range Amish Turkey served on sourdough from Pekara Bakery
Mac & Cheese - Special side order, dinner only. 
Hot Smoked Salmon - Available as a sandwich, salad, or platter.
Smoked Green Beans (spicy) - Available 5pm.
Fried Catfish Sandwich - New Friday special!
Mac & Cheese - Special side order, lunch only.
Hot Smoked Salmon - Available as a sandwich, salad, or platter.
Collard Greens - Spicy, made with smoked turkey.
Smoked Meatloaf - Josh's bacon-wrapped meatloaf. Available as sandwich or platter.
Smoked Chicken & Andouille Jambalaya - 
Smoked Pork Belly - Available as a sandwich or platter. 
