French Fries - 
Onion Rings - 
Fried Broccoli - Served with Ranch dressing
Fried Mushrooms - Served with Ranch dressing
Asian Dumplings - 16 pieces served with sweet chili sauce
Mozzarella Sticks - 8 pieces served with pizza sauce
Chicken Tenders - 5 pieces served with Honey Mustard dressing
Chicken Wings - 8 pieces served with Ranch dressing
 - 
Garden Salad - Mixed greens with red onion, cucumber, and tomato
Garden Salad with Chicken - 6 oz. chicken breast grilled or fried served on our garden salad
Garden Salad with Steak - 6 oz. grilled prime ribeye served on our garden salad
Garden Salad with Salmon - 6 oz. grilled salmon served on our garden salad
Wednesday Italian Beef - Au jus, french roll pepperoncini
Thursday BBQ Pork - Pulled pork, BBQ sauce cole slaw
Friday Fish Sandwich - 6 oz. cod fillet deep fried
Soup of the Day (clam chowder on Friday) - Cup/Bowl
Salad Bar - With a cup of soup/bowl
Grilled Cheese - With a cup of soup/bowl
Ribeye Steak - 6 oz. grilled prime ribeye, on a toasted sesame seed bun
Salmon Sandwich - 6 oz. open face, on toasted multi-rain, wasabi sauce, corn salad
Teriyaki Chicken - 6 oz. boneless chicken breast on a toasted sesame seed bun
Pork Chop - 1/3 lb. grilled boneless center cut, on a toasted sesame seed bun
Chicken Salad Sandwich - 1/3 lb. on toasted sourdough, multi-grain or rye
Chicken Tender Sandwich - 3 pc, deep fried, on a toasted sesame seed bun
Polish Sausage - 1/3 lb grilled Heinkel's sausage, on a toasted onion roll
Salami - 1/3 lb. All-beef salami served on toasted sourdough, multi-grain or rye
Black Bean Veggie Burger - Serve with salsa on a toasted sesame seed bun
Portabella Mushroom Sandwich - Grilled, on a toasted onion roll with pesto
BLT - 5 pcs bacon on toasted sourdough, multi-grain or rye
Grilled Cheese - Choice of swiss, cheddar, or American on sourdough, multi-grain or rye
Fish Sandwich (Friday only) - 6 oz. deep fried cod fillet on a toasted sesame seed bun
Hamburger - 1/3 lb. ground chuck 85% lean
Cheeseburger - American, Swiss, Cheddar, Pepperjack, Crumbled Feta, Crumbled Bleu Cheese
Basic Cheese Pizza - Thin crust pizza brushed with olive oil and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella
Design your own pizza - Top our basic cheese pizza with a variety of ingredients ($0.50 each)
Greek Pizza - Tomato sauce, sausage, artichoke hearts, kalamata olives, red pepper, mozzarella, feta cheese
Bleu Pear Pizza - Pears, mozzarella, bleu cheese, pine nuts
Chicken BBQ - BBQ sauce, marinated chicken breast, red onion, pepperjack, mozzarella cheese
Pesto - Basil pesto, sausage, red pepper, roma tomatoes, kalamata olives, mozzarella cheese
Bacon Bleu - Tomato, bacon, garlic, bleu cheese
Garden - Portabella mushrooms, red onion, roma tomatoes, green pepper, red pepper, mozzarella cheese
White Garlic - Roasted garlic, sausage, red onion, mozzarella cheese
Pineapple Margarita - House-pineapple tequila mix served in a tall glass
