Hummus - Chick peas pureed with tahini, olive oil and lemon juice.
Falafel - 5 pieces of chick peas, onions, parsley, garlic, spices, deeply fried, served with tahini dip.
Hummus with Meat - Chick peas pureed with tahini, olive oil & lemon juice, topped with minced beef, spices and almonds
Baba Ghanouj - Eggplant, pureed with tahini, olive oil, lemon juice and garlic
Labanah - Middle eastern yogurt with olive oil and mint
Stuffed Grape leaves - 6 grape leaves stuffed with rice, tomato and special spices served with a yogurt side for dipping
Arayes with Meat - Two pita breads stuffed with lamb and spices.
Arayes with Cheese - Two baked pita breads stuffed with cheese and spices
Foul Moudammas - Pureed fava beans, tahini, garlic, lemon juice, and olive oil.
Kibbeh - A shell of burghul wheat stuffed with minced beef, pine nuts and spices, deeply fried. 4 pieces.
Layalina Sample Plate - 3 Pieces of Falafel, 2 Pieces of Grape Leaves, Skewers of tomatoes and onions, and a sample of our Hummus and Baba Ganouj.
Tabouleh Salad - Finely chopped parsley, burghul wheat, tomatoes, lemon juice, and olive oil.
Fattoush Salad - Lettuce, tomato, cucumber, scallion, parsley, topped with baked picese of pita bread
Chopped Arabic Salad - Diced tomatoes, cucumber, lemon onions and olive oil.
Tahini Salad - Diced tomatoes, cucumber, lemon, onions, olive oil, and tahini.
Ghazawi Salad - Tomatoes, cucumber, lemon, onions and olive oil, mixed with our homemade hot sauce.
Greek Salad - Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, olives, cucumbers, feta cheese served with vinaigrette & olive oil.
Chicken Salad - Our House Salad topped with a skewer of our Chicken Kabob.
Meat Shawerma - Succulent layers of lamb and beef stuffed in a baked pita bread with tomato, onion, and tahini.
Chicken Shawerma - Succulent layers of chicken stuffed in a baked pita bread with tomato, onion, and tahini.
Falafel Sandwich - Deep fried falafel stuffed in baked pita bread with tahini and chopped arabic salad.
Kabob Sandwich - Your choice of either Shish Kabob, Chicken Shish Tawook, Kufta Kabob, or Chicken Kufta Kabob stuffed in a baked pita bread with tomatoes, onions, and tahini.
Beef Shish Kabob - Three skewers of our in-house, home-cut tender pieces of beef with a variety of spices and a skewer of grilled onions and tomatoes.
Lamb Shish Kabob - Three skewers of our in-house, home-cut tender pieces of lamb with a variety of spices and a skewer of grilled onions and tomatoes.
Kufta Kabob - Three skewers of our our special ground beef and lamb mixed with parsley, garlic and a skewer of grilled onions and tomatoes.
Chicken Shish Tawook - Three skewers of tender pieces of chicken breast with a variety of spices, a skewer of grilled onions and tomatoes.
Layalina Mixed Grill - Three skewers of our Kufta Kabob, Chicken Shish Tawook and your choice of either beef or lamb Shish Kabobs served alongside a Shawerma garnish, grilled tomatoes and onions. Includes a platter of Hummus and Baba Ghanouj.
Lamb Chops - Three marinated lamb chops, a skewer of grilled onions and tomatoes.
Quail Platter - Three baby birds marinated in garlic, lemon, olive oil, spices.
Shawerma Platter - Your choice of succulent layers of lamb and beef or chicken served with tomatoes, onions, and rice.
Large Mixed Grill Platter - For 5 people. A mix of Shish Kabob, Kufta Kabob, Chicken Shish Tawook, Quail, Shawerma, and Lamb chops served with side of rice, Hummus, Baba Ghanouj, grilled tomatoes and onions, and Fattoush Salad.
Hummus - Chick peas pureed with tahini, olive oil, and lemon juice.
Baba Ghanouj - Eggplant, pureed with tahini, olive oil, lemon juice, and garlic.
Falafel - 5 pieces of chick peas, onion, parslef, garlic, spices, deeply fried, served with tahini dip.
Stuffed Falafel - Falafel stuffed with almonds, onions, and sumac.
Foul Moudammas - Pureed fava beans, tahini, garlic, lemon juice, and olive oil.
Labanah - Middle eastern yogurt with olive oil and mint.
Arayes with Cheese - Two baked pita breads stuffed with cheese and spices.
Stuffed Grape Leaves - 6 grape leaves stuffed with rice, tomato and special spices served with a yogurt side for dipping.
Layalina Vegetarian Combo - 3 Pieces of Falafel, 2 Pieces of Grape Leaves, Skewers of tomatoes and onions, Hummus and Baba Ganouj. Served with a side of rice.
Chicken Tawook - A skewer of tender pieces of chicken breast with a variety of spices.
Kids Arayes - A whole baked pita stuffed with lamb, beef, and spices.
Chicken Fingers - Fried chicken tenders served with fries.
Coke Bottle - 
Sprite Bottle - 
Fanta Bottle - 
Pepsi Bottle - 
Non-Alcoholic Malts - Regular, Apple, or Strawberry
Yogurt Drink - 
Juice - 
Bottled Water - 
Coffee - 
Turkish Coffee - 
Tea - 
Kanafeh - 
Traditional Baklavah - 
Straw Baklavah - 
Open-faced Baklavah - 
