2 Eggs - Served with fried taters & sausage gravy. Side of sausage patty, bacon, ham or fried steak extra 
1 Egg - Served with fried taters and sausage gravy. Side of sausage patty, bacon, ham or fried steak extra
Plain Omelet - Served with fried taters & sausage gravy. 
Cheddar Cheese Omelet - Served with fried taters & sausage gravy
Meat Omelet - Ham, sausage, or bacon. Served with fried taters & sausage gravy
Meat & Cheese Omelet - Served with fried taters & sausage gravy
Loaded Omelet - Ham, sausage, bacon, cheese, veggies. Add green peppers, tomatoes, or onions for 40 cents each
Hot Cakes - Get one or two cakes
Biscuits & Gravy - Get a full or half order. Served with fried taters.
French Toast - Made with Texas toast
Fried Taters & Sausage Gravy - 
Fried Taters - 
Country Ham - 
4 Slices of Bacon - 
Sausage Patty - 
Toast or Biscuit - 
Extra Egg - 
Giant Cinnamon Roll - 
Bacon & Egg Sandwich - 
Sausage & Egg Sandwich - 
Ham & Egg Sandwich - 
Side of Sausage Gravy - 
2 Piece Fried Chicken - Get all white meat for $1. Comes with choice of veggie or salad bar. 
1/2 Fried Chicken - Get all white meat for $2. Comes with choice of veggie or salad bar.
Shrimp - Comes with choice of veggie or salad bar.
Chicken Strips - Four strips. Comes with choice of veggie or salad bar. 
Chicken Fried Steak - Comes with choice of veggie or salad bar. 
Ham & Beans - Served in a bowl with slaw & cornbread or country style over cornbread and fried taters.
Chicken n' Noodles - Served over mashed potatoes
Liver & Onions - Served with mashed taters
Chicken n' Noodles - Served over mashed taters
Hot Beef Sandwich - Served on bread with mashed taters
Meatloaf - Served with mashed taters
Goulash - 
Beef n' Noodles - Served over mashed taters
Cod Fish Sandwich - Served with fries and slaw
Beef n' Noodles - Served over mashed taters
Country Ham - Served with mashed taters
Beef n' Noodles - Served over mashed taters
All You Can Eat Ham & Beans - Served with slaw & cornbread
Country Ham & Beans - Served over cornbread with fried taters
Chicken n' Noodles - Served over mashed taters
Liver & Onions - Served with mashed taters
Round Steak - Served with mashed taters
Chicken n' Noodles - All you can eat. Served over mashed taters.
Swiss Steak - Served over mashed taters
Hot Beef Sandwich - Served on bread with mashed taters
Beef n' Noodles - All you can eat. Served over mashed taters. 
Meatloaf - Served with mashed taters
All You Can Eat White Fish - Pollack
Chicken n' Noodles - Served over mashed taters
8 oz. Ribeye Steak - Add shrimp $4
2 Piece Cod Dinner - 
All You Can Eat Shrimp - 
Beef n' Noodles - Served over mashed taters
8 oz. Ribeye Steak - Add shrimp $4
Hamburger - 1/3 lb. 
Cheeseburger - 1/3 lb. 
Bacon Cheeseburger - 
Double Cheeseburger - 
Breaded Chicken Filet - 
Breaded Tenderloin - 
Grilled Tenderloin - 
Grilled Cheese - 
BLT - 
Polish - 
Grilled Chicken Filet - 
Fried Smoked Ham & Cheese - 
All You Can Eat w/ Roll - 
1 Trip w/ Roll - 
1 Trip with sandwich ADD - 
Mashed Potatoes & Gravy - 
Coleslaw - 
Applesauce - 
Pasta Salad - 
Cottage Cheese - 
Bean Salad - 
Pea Salad - 
Cucumber & Onions - 
Twice Baked Potato - Friday & Saturday only
Baked Potato - Friday & Saturday only
Apple Dumpling - Add ice cream for 99 cents
Coffee - 
Hot Tea - 
Iced Tea - 
Milk - 
Pepsi Products - 
Pepsi Products - 
Juice - Orange, apple, or tomato
Chocolate Milk - 
Hot Chocolate - 
Country Fixin's Buffet - Kids 6-12 ($5.75) Adults ($11.95)

8 pc. Chicken - Add 2 sides and 4 rolls or biscuits for $6
10 pc. Chicken - Add 2 sides and 5 rolls or biscuits for $6
12 pc. Chicken - Add 3 sides and 6 rolls and biscuits for $9
One Hot Cake - Served with 2 bacon strips or sausage links
French Toast - Served with 2 bacon strips or sausage links
One Egg with Toast - Served with 2 bacon strips or sausage links
Biscuits & Gravy - 
Chicken Strips - Served with 1 side
Mini Corn Dogs - Comes with 6. Served with 1 side
Chez Toasty - Served with one side
Noodles & Taters - Served over mashed potatoes with one side
Chicken Leg - Served with mashed taters and one side
Add Salad Bar - 
Beef n' Noodles - Priced by the pound. 
Chicken n' Noodles - Priced by the pound.
Any Side Order - Priced by the pound.

Apple Dumplings - Sold by the dozen.
Homemade Rolls - Sold by the dozen.
Buttermilk Biscuits - Sold by the dozen.
Fried Chicken - Call for bulk price. 
Sausage Gravy with Biscuits - $5/person
