8oz Ribeye Dinners - 
10oz Ribeye Dinners - A 10oz ribeye steak, marinated and grilled to perfection. We serve it with your choice of potato, rice, or steak fries, break, and our unlimited salad bar
Chicken Dinner - An 8oz boneless, skinless chicken breast, marinated and grilled to perfection. We serve it with your choice of potato, rice, or steak fries, break, and our unlimited salad bar
Shrimp Dinner - Seven shrimp lightly breaded and fried to a golden brown perfection, and served with cocktail sauce and lemon, your choice of baked potato, rice, or steak fries, break and our unlimited salad bar
Steak and Shrimp Dinner - Our 8oz ribeye steak and four shrimp, served with cocktail sauce and lemon, your choice of baked potato, rice, or steak fries, bread, and our unlimited salad bar. You can build your own surf and turf from there, adding extra shrimp, and/or a larger steak
Chicken and Shrimp - The "all white meat combo". Our 8oz marinated grilled chicken breast and four fried shrimp. Served with cocktail sauce and lemon, your choice of baked potato, rice, or steak fries, bread, and our unlimited salad bar. Extra shrimp available
Salad Bar - Easily a meal in itself. Choose from an array of garden fresh vegetables, fruits, and our homemade prepared salads, ham, and cheeses, served with bread and butter. Shared salad bar with any entree $5.49
Children's Dinner - Children 12 and under can enjoy a 4oz ribeye, three piece shrimp, 4oz chicken breast dinner complete with salad bar, potato, and bread. Children 5 and under can share Mom and Dad's and have the salad bar free
Sauteed Mushrooms - Fresh mushrooms, slow cooked in wine, butter, and special seasonings
Sauteed Onions - Tender yellow onion strips sauteed in wine and butter
Twice Baked Potato - Baked potato whipped with chives, onions, cheese, sour cream, and bacon bits
Twice Baked Potato - With Dinner
New York Cheesecake - Strawberries add $0.25
Reese's Peanut Butter Pie - Reeses peanut butter pie with whipped cream (there are six different cheesecakes to choose from!)
Mai Tai - 2 parts Rum, pineapple and orange juice
Bloody Mary - 
